<p></p><ul style="text-align: left;"><li>&nbsp;<b>What is The Farmoxel Project?</b></li></ul><p></p><p></p><div style="line-height: normal;"><span lang="EN-US" style="font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;, serif;">The Farmoxel Project (This is a placeholder name, don't get too attached to it), is a resource management farming game in a voxel art style highly inspired in games like&nbsp;<i>'Stardew Valley'&nbsp;</i>and&nbsp;<i>'Slime Rancher'.</i>&nbsp;Our main goal is to understand where these games succeeded and where they failed, and try to solve their mistakes.</span></div><p></p><ul><li><b>Why is it different from other resource management games?</b></li></ul><div><p class="MsoNormal" style="line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0cm;"><span lang="EN-US" style="font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;, serif;">The Farmoxel Project is centered both in the economy and the story. We are working on a script full of plot twists and interesting characters, while figuring out the best way to introduce this story in the gameplay without ruining the player's experience in a resource management game.</span></p><p class="MsoNormal" style="line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0cm;"><span lang="EN-US" style="font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;, serif;">The game will have a proper ending but, at the same time, will give the player the option to keep working on their farm in an 'uncanonical' way.</span></p></div><div><ul><li><b>What is the plot about?</b></li></ul><div><div style="line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0cm;"><span lang="EN-US" style="font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;, serif;">Avoiding spoilers, the main character's grandma belongs to a race of powerful people called 'Unlinked', her superpower is telekinesis. One day, she decides to transfer her powers to the protagonist, so that he&nbsp;</span></div><div style="line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0cm;"><span lang="EN-US" style="font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;, serif;">can use them to work on the family farm in a more efficient way.</span></div><div style="line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0cm;"><span lang="EN-US" style="font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;, serif;"><br /></span><span lang="EN-US" style="font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;, serif;">The protagonist will have to work in the farm and in the town while making new friends, discovering their stories and... well, there are some things we cannot tell.</span></div><div style="line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0cm;"><span lang="EN-US" style="font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;, serif;"><br /></span><span lang="EN-US" style="font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;, serif;">Of course, not everybody knows about the Unlinked, and magic is a sensitive topic for humans, so the player might want to avoid using their powers near other people.</span></div></div></div><div><ul><li><b>What is the gameplay about?</b></li></ul><div><div style="line-height: normal; margin-bottom: 0cm;"><span lang="EN-US" style="font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;, serif;">Plant and harvest crops, decorate your farm, interact with the neighbors, take care of your animals and play minigames around the town; in that sense, the gameplay is not much different from other farm games. The difference is in the protagonist's superpower, as mentioned before, the player will not be able to use their powers while someone else is watching, additionally, the protagonist is no expert with his powers, hence, he'll have to learn how to use them</span><span style="font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;, serif;">&nbsp;till he makes perfect, which leads to a light version of a skill tree.</span></div></div></div><div><ul><li><b>What is an Unlinked?</b></li></ul><div><u><i><span style="font-size: x-small;">You don't know yet.</span></i></u></div></div><div><ul><li><b>What kind of features will this game have?</b></li></ul><div>&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;We can list a short list of the most important features:</div></div><p></p><b><i>Day/night cycle and energy system:&nbsp;</i></b>A resource management game that does not force you to manage&nbsp;<u>every single</u>&nbsp;resource is flawed. The protagonist's energy is a limited resource to make the player think twice before wasting it in irrelevant tasks.&nbsp;<div><span style="font-family: inherit;"><br /><b style="font-style: italic;">Economy system:</b>&nbsp;&nbsp;Even tho the economy system it's not fully designed and, therefore, it is tied to future changes, the main idea is for the player to buy seeds and sell crops to get the necessary amount of money to achieve their goals. In the other hand, the town will be full of minigames as part time jobs that the player can use to get some extra money.</span></div><div><span style="font-family: inherit;"><br /><i style="font-weight: bold;">Relationship system:&nbsp;</i>This is not a dating simulator, we know that. And since the protagonist is a little kid, marriage is out of the picture (we are sorry), nevertheless, the player will be able to befriend whoever they want. Some characters are tied to the plot, so the player won't be able to affect their relationship with them.</span></div><div><span style="font-family: inherit;"><br /><i style="font-weight: bold;">And much more:&nbsp;</i>There are more features in the table that still need to be studied and designed, after all, this is a game in development and everything can change at any given moment. Also, the development is not only up to us. People can give their feedback in the future and that will affect the game's development.</span></div><p style="text-align: left;"></p><ul style="text-align: left;"><li><b>Will this game work on a Mac?</b></li></ul><div>I don't know, buy me a Mac and I'll figure it out.</div><div><br /></div><div><ul style="text-align: left;"><li><b>Will you marry me?</b></li></ul><div>No.</div></div><p></p><span><!--more--></span><div><br /></div><div>And that's it! Hope you are eager to test this game as much as we are for it to be enjoyed.</div><div>Bye, have a good time!</div>